Hi guys, Korean Movie Recapped here.
Before we start, WARNING!
Spoilers Ahead!
Today, I’m going to recap a 2013 Korean
Drama Comedy movie, called Miracle in Cell
No. 7.
This movie is based on the real-life story
of a mentally disabled man who was tortured
and pleaded guilty under duress to the sexual
assault and murder of a 9-year-old girl in
1972 in Chuncheon city.
So, what did he do to deserve such a predicament?
Was he freed in the end?
Let’s find it out.
At the start of the movie, we are introduced
to Ye-Sung, a full-fledged lawyer who tries
to defend her father’s name.
Her father was falsely accused of sexual assault
and murder of a girl.
She claims that the prosecutor makes false
claims since she is a witness to the whole
incident.
To convince the judge, she tells the courtroom
about her past.
6-year-old Ye-Sung and her mentally disabled
father, Lee, visit a shop to buy a Sailor
Moon backpack which they have looked for for
weeks.
However, a police Commissioner purchases it
first and leaves nothing for them.
Due to his mental illness, the Commissioner
misunderstands him and beats him.
Ye-Sung is a kind and smart girl.
Despite her disappointment of not getting
the bag, she doesn’t ask about it anymore
from her father.
During his job, the Commissioner’s kid reaches
out to Lee to tell him about a store where
he can get the same backpack.
Lee follows her but she gets into an accident.
He tries to save her but is misunderstood
by a witness who reports him of sexually assaulting
and killing the girl.
Even in the police station, he is still concerned
about Ye-Sung who is alone at home.
He tries to leave but is beaten by the police
and kept until the next day.
In the morning, the police make false comments
on his actions, noting that he tries to get
revenge on the Commissioner by assaulting
his girl.
To add to his predicament, he is forced to
make a false reenactment in exchange for meeting
his daughter, which is also a lie told by
the police.
Lee is immediately rushed to a prison and
the Warden beats him because of his unreal
crime.
He is detained in cell number 7 along with
5 other inmates.
After reading the crime report, the inmates
beat him but stop upon knowing that he is
sentenced to death.
During working hours, the inmates are tasked
to make soccer balls and use it as an alibi
to smuggle things with the initiative of the
gang Leader.
By distributing the smuggled things, the Leader
and his gang establish their turf within the
prison.
This invites dislike from another gang leader.
The other gang leader tries to stab the Leader
but is saved by Lee.
The indebted Leader asks Lee to make a wish
and he will grant it.
So Lee asks for his daughter Ye-Sung.
When a church event is held, Ye-Sung is kidnapped
by the inmates and smuggled into the prison
to meet Lee.
Lee is overjoyed to meet his daughter and
hugs her tightly.
He says sorry for leaving her and explains
that he is being detained.
However, their reunion is cut short because
the church event is disbanded.
The inmates try to smuggle her out but the
church’s bus already left, so Ye-Sung lives
in the cell with them.
Upon living with them, the inmates realize
that Lee is not an assailant since he loves
her daughter so much.
2 days have passed, and the cell room looks
more like Ye-Sung’s playground rather than
a prison cell.
The inmates get along with Ye-Sung and warm
up to her due to her brightness.
The inmates try to smuggle her out once more
on a religious holiday, to avoid punishment.
However, they mistook the day and find Buddhist
monks instead.
In one night, the Warden realises that a girl
is smuggled into the prison.
He commands the guards to look for her.
The inmates try to hide her once more but
are caught by the Warden.
Ye-Sung is sent back to the orphanage and
Lee is confined in a solitary cell.
That night, a fire breaks out from an attempted
arson.
A prisoner sets his cell on fire and the Warden
tries to save him.
However, the fire gets bigger and the Warden
is trapped instead.
Lee tries to save him but gets injured during
the process.
When he wakes up, he realizes that Lee has
saved him and suspects that his crime report
is fabricated.
Meanwhile, Ye-Sung comes back to her school
to attend the classes.
Her teacher asks about her problem and Ye-Sung
recommends a parent consultation instead,
so that she can meet her father.
In the prison, Lee is finally united with
her daughter once more.
Upon realizing that the girl just misses her
father so much, she doesn't bother them and
lets them talk wholeheartedly.
They enjoy their conversation very much but
the visit time’s up.
The Warden sees Lee’s love towards his daughter
for the first time and is more convinced about
his suspicion.
He recollects his memories about his only
son who was killed by an inmate.
After their separation, Ye-Sung grieves so
much that she doesn’t want to eat.
Seeing this, the Warden cares for her and
adopts her.
He also tries to prove Lee’s innocence.
He looks into his crime files and finds that
his sworn statement is falsified.
The police was also forced to wrap the case
up in a week which might lead to them exploiting
Lee’s mental disability.
Seeing the injustice that Lee is facing, the
Warden picks Ye-Sung up and smuggles her into
the prison.
The inmates spend their time together with
Ye-Sung once more.
In the cell, Ye-Sung teaches the Leader how
to read and write.
She also brings a cellphone with her so that
an inmate can call his wife and his newborn
baby.
One by one, the inmates have a special bond
with her as they help one another.
During an exercise, Lee is informed that his
final trial is set.
The inmates are determined to train him so
that he can win the trial and be unified with
her daughter once more.
The inmates start by trying to find out what
happened.
Since Lee wasn’t really aware of what happened,
they have to go through several scenarios
in order to get the picture of the incident.
They found out that it was winter and the
girl slipped on a frozen puddle.
While she was falling, the girl grabbed a
plastic wrap making a brick fall onto her
head and killed her.
Seeing the girl unconscious, Lee tried to
perform CPR to save her.
But the Commissioner forces the police to
report it as assault and murder despite Lee’s
denial.
Knowing the mistreat, the inmates are more
convinced to help him win.
They train him to answer trick questions skillfully
without hiding the truth.
Even though it is hard due to Lee’s illness,
they are still confident that Lee will win
because he has been mistreated.
Lee studies day and night, in every situation,
to make sure he can live with Ye-Sung once
more.
The inmates also organize a petition from
the other prisoners to help Lee in his trial.
Meanwhile, the Warden meets the Commissioner
to convince him of Lee’s innocence.
He also asks the Commissioner to re-investigate
the case.
However, he has to obey his superior and agrees
with the verdict instead.
When Lee is training, a public Lawyer comes
to meet him.
The Lawyer says that he must plead guilty
to save Ye-Sung, because the Commissioner
wants him executed.
He threatens him that the Commissioner will
hurt Ye-Sung instead if he wins the trial.
The Lawyer also abandons the prisoners’
petition saying that it won’t help.
After a while, Lee and the Warden depart for
the courtroom.
In the waiting room, the Commissioner threatens
him to accept his punishment, or he will hurt
his daughter instead.
Under duress, Lee finally breaks and pleads
guilty to the accusations, to save his daughter.
The Warden tries to convince the judge that
Lee is mentally intimidated, but he is still
sentenced to death.
In the prison, the inmates are still determined
to save Lee and Ye-Sung.
So they devise a plan by utilizing the upcoming
Christmas event.
They plan to make a hot air balloon to let
them escape.
They work around the clock because Lee’s
execution is near.
They believe that the most innocent man in
the prison is Lee and he needs to be freed
of the injustice.
They also request all of the other prisoners’
and Ye-Sung’s teacher’s help in order
to commence the plan.
When the event arrives, Ye-Sung takes her
father’s hand and invites him to the yard.
All the other prisoners are also invited by
the kids to convince the guards that the event
is still ongoing.
In the yard, a hot air balloon is ready to
take Lee and Ye-Sung out.
As they fly away, the guards become aware
of the attempt but are hindered by the prisoners
and the school teachers.
However, a rope is stuck on a barbed wire
and their attempt fails.
They use this moment to savour the setting
sun together, for the last time.
In the cell, the inmates celebrate Ye-Sung’s
birthday together.
Each of them give her a gift.
Lee gives her the Sailor Moon backpack that
she has been asking for.
Overjoyed with the present, Ye-Sung thanks
Lee for being her father.
However, their joy is cut short since Lee’s
execution is nearing.
Before going, they thank the inmates for their
care and efforts.
The inmates are saddened to let Lee go but
must hold their tears.
They hide Lee’s execution from Ye-Sung under
the pretense of moving to another facility.
As Lee walks past the hall, the other prisoners
also feel sad for him.
As they are about to separate, Lee tries to
hold his tears in.
He hugs her daughter for the last time and
walks to his execution.
Ye-Sung waits for her father’s final goodbye,
but Lee doesn’t show up because he is devastated
by their goodbye.
After hearing her daughter calling him, he
comes back to hug her wholeheartedly.
He asks for help because he doesn’t want
to be separated from his daughter.
Over and over, he says sorry and asks for
help from anyone, but the prisoners and the
guards cannot do anything for them.
Seeing his father crying, Ye-Sung also cries
and asks him to stay, saying that she will
visit him everyday.
After the event, Lee is still executed for
the false accusations.
Ye-Sung studies hard to be a lawyer and appeals
for the case.
With the inmates’ testimony and the public
support, Lee is found innocent and his name
is cleared.
In the end, Ye-Sung sees her as a child and
her father, flying away on the balloon, as
if he is off to a better place in heaven.
Subscribe to watch more videos like this,
turn on notifications, and leave a like and
comment to help the channel out.
Thank you for watching, and see you, next
time.